# xposed_frame
This is the Test Framework and repository for Xposed work.
-------------------------------------------------------------
Inspeckage - Android Package Inspector
Inspeckage is a tool developed to offer dynamic analysis of Android applications. By applying hooks to functions of the Android API, Inspeckage will help you understand what an Android application is doing at runtime.

http://ac-pm.github.io/Inspeckage
https://twitter.com/inspeckage
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=mobi.acpm.inspeckage
http://repo.xposed.info/module/mobi.acpm.inspeckage
Features
With Inspeckage, we can get a good amount of information about the application's behavior:

Information gathering
Requested Permissions;
App Permissions;
Shared Libraries;
Exported and Non-exported Activities, Content Providers,Broadcast Receivers and Services;
Check if the app is debuggable or not;
Version, UID and GIDs;
etc.
Hooks (so far)
With the hooks, we can see what the application is doing in real time:

Shared Preferences (log and file);
Serialization;
Crypto;
Hashes;
SQLite;
HTTP (an HTTP proxy tool is still the best alternative);
File System;
Miscellaneous (Clipboard, URL.Parse());
WebView;
IPC;
Hooks (add new hooks dynamically)
Actions
With Xposed it's possible to perform actions such as start a unexported activity and much else:

Start any activity (exported and unexported);
Call any provider (exported and unexported);
Disable FLAG_SECURE;
SSL uncheck (bypass certificate pinning - JSSE, Apache and okhttp3);
Start, stop and restart the application;
Replace params and return value (+Hooks tab).
Fingerprint
Device fingerprint - advertising id, MAC address, IMEI, release, brand, build mode...
Location
Change GPS location (without use "Mock location" functionality)
Extras
APK Download;
View the app's directory tree;
Download the app's files;
Download the output generated by hooks in text file format;
Take a screen capture;
Send text to android clipboard.
Tips - some howto/guide
Configuration
Even though our tool has some hooks to the HTTP libraries, using an external proxy tool is still the best option to analyze the app's traffic. With Inspeckage, you can:

Add a proxy to the target app;
Enable and disable proxy;
Add entries in the arp table.
Logcat
Logcat.html page. A experimental page with websocket to show some information from the logcat.

Installation
Requirements: Xposed Framework

Xposed Installer
Go to Xposed Installer, select "Download"
Refresh and search for "Inspeckage"
Download the latest version and install
Enable it in Xposed
Reboot and enjoy!
Xposed Repository
Get it from Xposed repo: http://repo.xposed.info/module/mobi.acpm.inspeckage

    adb install mobi.acpm.inspeckage.apk
Enable it in Xposed
Reboot and enjoy!
From Source
Feel free to download the source!

How to uninstall
    adb uninstall mobi.acpm.inspeckage
And reboot!
